Project Gutenberg's Harper's Young People, September 13, 1881, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.



Title: Harper's Young People, September 13, 1881
       An Illustrated Weekly

Author: Various

Release Date: June 9, 2015 [EBook #49178]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE ***




Produced by Annie R. McGuire








[Illustration: HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE]

       *       *       *       *       *

VOL. II.--NO. 98. PUBLISHED BY HARPER & BROTHERS, NEW YORK. PRICE FOUR
CENTS.

Tuesday, September 13, 1881. Copyright, 1881, by HARPER & BROTHERS.
$1.50 per Year, in Advance.

       *       *       *       *       *




[Illustration: ARRIVAL OF THE FIRST STEAMBOAT.]

A TWO-HEADED FAMILY.

A TRUE STORY OF WHAT TWO BOYS DID.

BY GEORGE CARY EGGLESTON.


Everybody talked, of course, when it was known that Bob Towne had run
away, and had taken his brother Ned with him, and everybody said it was
a shame. By everybody I mean all the people in the little Mississippi
town in which Bob's mother lived. They did not know why Bob had run
away, and they did not know where he had gone; but they talked about it
all the same. They said it was a shame for him to leave his widowed
mother, and worse still to take his little brother with him, though not
one of them could have suggested any possible way in which Bob could
have helped his mother by staying. Bob was "curious," however, and
people never think well of persons whom they do not understand. Bob was
fond of books, for one thing, and because he read a great deal, and did
not "sit around" in the village, they said he was morose; and so when
the news spread that Bob had gone away in the night, and had taken his
brother with him, everybody said, "I told you so," in a tone which
indicated that that was the very worst thing they could say.

Bob's mother had a letter, however, which convinced her that her boy was
not heartless at any rate. She said nothing about this letter--found in
Bob's room--but she read it over and over again, and cried over it, and
even kissed it sometimes in secret. The letter was brief and simple. It
said:

     "MY DEAR MOTHER,--Please don't feel badly at my going away: it is
     my duty. When I found, after father's death, that the estate was
     worth so little, and that you had almost nothing except the house
     you live in, I made up my mind that I must be the head of the
     family, although I am only fourteen years old. After a good deal of
     thinking, I have hit upon a plan to make some money, I think, and
     as Ned wants to join me, I'm going to take him with me. Neither of
     us can earn anything here, but I believe we can where we're going.
     At least you won't have us to feed. We shall work for you and for
     our little sisters, and if we make anything, it will all be yours.
     If we don't, we will at least have tried. When we succeed we'll let
     you know where we are. We hate to go away without kissing you and
     little Kate and Mary and Susie, but we must, else you will never
     let us go. Good-by, and God bless you, mother!"

That was all the trace Bob and Ned left behind them, and nobody could
guess where they had gone.

Two days after their disappearance the boys presented themselves to a
gentleman who had been a friend of their father, living fifty miles
away, and after exacting from him a pledge of secrecy, Bob introduced
his business.

"You said last year at our house that you would let any man who chose to
get up your swamp land use it for ten years, or something of that sort."

"Yes, I said this: I have ten thousand acres on the Tallahatchee; part
of it was under cultivation before the war, but it has grown up in cane
so that it is worth almost nothing now to sell, and I haven't the
capital nor the energy at my time of life to get it up again. It is
superb land, capable of yielding three bales of cotton to the acre, and
if it was under cultivation again it would sell for fifty dollars an
acre. What I proposed was to let young Bowling go there and get up as
much as he pleased of it, cut and sell all the wood he chose, use the
land rent free for ten years, and at the end of that time receive from
me a bonus of five dollars an acre for all the land brought under
cultivation. But what of it? Bowling didn't accept the offer."

Bob explained his own purpose to accept it in a small way, going into
the swamp country, and making what money he could with his own hands,
for his friend knew he had no capital.

"But, my dear boy," said the gentleman, "a white man can't work in the
swamp, and you have no money to hire negroes with."

"Did any white man ever try it?" asked Bob.

"Not that I ever heard of."

"Besides," said Bob, "we're not white men; we're only white boys, and we
won't be very white either, after we've been at work a few months."

After a good deal of explanation and discussion, Major Singer consented
to let the boys try their plan, though he had no confidence in it.

"I'll do this," he said. "You may go into the swamp, cut and sell all
the wood you can to steamboats when they come up, and cultivate all the
land you choose to grub, without any charge for rent. I'll give you a
mule and a cart, and enough bacon and meal to last you for a month or
two. By that time you'll be tired of the experiment, and you can return
the mule and cart on your way home."

Bob asked for the privilege of paying for the mule and cart out of the
proceeds of his first crop, and, laughing, the Major consented, naming
one hundred dollars as the price.

Five days later the boys ate their supper of bacon and ash-cake on a log
on the banks of the Tallahatchee River. It was a lonely, desolate swamp
region, and the log on which they sat was twelve miles distant from the
nearest human habitation. They were a trifle lonely there in the wild
woods, but they had a camp fire and courage, and those go a long way.

The next day they set to work and built a hut to live in, with a rude
bunk for a bed. Then Bob "prospected." Much of the land about them had
once been cultivated, and there were no trees of any considerable size
upon the parts which had been fields; but the growth of cane and
brush-wood was appalling.

"Never mind," said Bob. "It is only September now, and we'll get a few
acres cleared by spring. Our first work must be to cut a big pile of
wood to sell to the steamboats when they come up; if we don't, we can't
buy ploughs or food for our farming operations."

"When will the boats come?" asked Ned.

"Late in the fall or in the winter, whenever the river gets high enough.
It isn't navigable now, but when it rises, the steamboats come up to get
loads of cotton."

With brave hearts the boys set to work chopping and hauling cord-wood.
They made very little progress the first day, but after they had
practiced for a few days they became more expert, and at the end of a
week they found by measurement that they could together cut and haul
about a cord each day. One grown man would have accomplished more than
this; but the boys were satisfied. They had brought a grindstone and
some iron wedges with them, and there was no reason to doubt that they
could maintain their average of a cord a day. The mule kept in good
condition on swamp grass and young cane.

Bob laid out, next the river, the little field which he hoped to get
ready for cultivation, and before attacking the timber land he took care
to cut into cord-wood all the trees in that little patch which were big
enough for the purpose. Then the young pioneers went into the woodlands
a little further up stream, and there made rather better progress. The
fall was unusually dry. No rain fell, and the river got steadily lower.
Meantime the wood-pile had grown by the last of November to more than
sixty cords--enough to pay the boys well for their work whenever the
steamboats should come. But when could they come? This question was
giving Bob a good deal of uneasiness, because his bacon and meal were
running low, and he had spent all the money he had for the axes and
other implements. If the river should not rise before the meat gave out,
what should he do? Bob did not know, and the fact troubled him.

In one way the dry season served him well. It parched the swamp, and one
morning, Ned, who had shrewdly observed this, went out and applied a
torch to the dried-up grass and leaves. The fire swept fiercely over the
projected field, and when it had burned out, a good deal more than half
the work of clearing that field for cultivation was done. But this did
not help the boys to live through the winter, and that was a perplexity.
If they could not manage it, all their work would be thrown away; and
Bob passed many anxious hours thinking and planning, but with no other
result than to make him sleepless.

Still it did not rain, but one morning Ned came in from observing his
water-marks, and reported that the river had risen about three inches
during the night. This puzzled Bob, and he carefully watched the water.
At noon it had risen two inches more. During the night it rose fully a
foot. Then Bob began to suspect the truth.

"I have it, Ned," he said.

"Well, how is it? Where does the water come from?"

"From the Mississippi River. That river is high from rains in the north,
and it has broken through one of the passes into the Tallahatchee. We'll
have steamboats here yet."

"Well, I hope they'll come soon," said Ned. "I've fried our last slice
of bacon, and we have only a few pounds of meal left."

"We can eat the mule," said Bob, "rather than starve; but we'll wait on
short rations and hope."

There had been a great crop of cotton grown on the Tallahatchee that
year, and the dry fall had enabled the planters to pick it more
thoroughly than usual. Knowing this, the owners of steamboats at
Vicksburg were watching the reports of the water in the Yazoo and
Tallahatchee as eagerly as Ned and Bob were watching the water itself,
each anxious that his boat should be the first to go up the river.

On the 12th of December Ned cooked the last of the meal. The boys went
to bed that night out of food. The next morning they had no breakfast,
and had begun to think of killing the mule, or making a journey to the
nearest plantation, when about noon a boat appeared. She blew her
whistle, and stopped her engines.

"What do you ask for your wood?" shouted the Captain.

"Three and a half," answered Bob.

"Give you three and a quarter, and take all you've got," said the
Captain.

"Will you throw in a decent dinner?" asked Bob.

"Yes."

And with that the boat made her landing, and the wood, sixty-three
cords, was measured. Then the boys went on board to dinner. There they
learned that in consequence of the prolonged dry season all the people
along the river had been too busy picking cotton to cut any wood, and
hence the boat had been obliged to send her own men ashore twice to chop
wood for her engines. Knowing that other boats were coming, the Captain
of this one had made haste to buy all of Bob's wood, meaning to take a
part of it at once, and the rest on his way down the river. He had
driven a sharp bargain, under the circumstances, but Bob was well
satisfied when he received $204.75 for the pile. His first care was to
buy of the Captain a good supply of provisions; his next to write a
letter to his mother, inclosing a fifty-dollar bill, and, without
telling her where he was, giving her news of his own and Ned's health,
and promising to write again at the next opportunity. This letter the
Captain took to post at Vicksburg.

The mule was saved, and the problem which Bob and Ned had set out to
solve was in a fair way to be worked out. They had money enough now to
buy necessary ploughs, etc., which they ordered from Vicksburg by the
next trip of the boat, and some cash to spare for emergencies. They went
to work with a will at their clearing, and before spring opened they had
a field prepared which was two hundred yards long and one hundred and
fifty yards wide. Its area was therefore somewhat greater than six
acres, and it was land of the very richest sort. Bob made a journey to
the nearest plantation, and brought back a cart-load of cotton seed,
together with the seeds of a variety of vegetables, for which beds were
made around the hut.

The summer's work was very hard and very hot. The rich land produced
weeds as well as cotton, and Ned remarked that "weeds never go to
picnics or take Saturday afternoons off."

In this the boys imitated the weeds, working early and late in their
crop, barely giving themselves time to hoe out their kitchen-garden
occasionally. They had distinctly overcropped themselves, but that was
better than the opposite mistake. In August the bolls began to open, and
the boys to pick cotton. It was not long before they discovered that
they had grown more cotton than they could pick, and that they must
either have help or lose a part of their crop. So one day Ned mounted
the mule, and rode across the Yalabusha River, and out of the swamp into
the poor hill country. There the scanty crops were easily picked, and as
he was able to offer money wages, he easily secured some half-grown
negro boys as pickers. Their wages amounted to comparatively little, and
their help secured the whole of the boys' crop.

Bob had no gin or cotton-press, but there were both on the plantation
twelve miles down the river; and when the picking was over, the boys
built a raft, and loading their whole crop of cotton on it, floated it
down to this neighbor's gin.

They had not made the three bales per acre which the land was said to be
capable of producing under good cultivation, but they had made twelve
bales, worth--at the high price which cotton at that time
commanded--somewhat more than one thousand dollars.

Bob and Ned now closed their hut, turned the mule out to browse, and
took passage for Vicksburg on the boat that carried their cotton.

One morning the rumor ran through their native village that "Bob and Ned
Towne had come home, ragged, and looking like tramps."

But there was one woman and there were three little girls in that town
in whose eyes Bob and Ned looked like anything but tramps. Their clothes
were worn, indeed, but they were hugged and kissed by their mother and
sisters just as heartily as if they had been the best-dressed youths in
the village.

"Now you'll stay at home, won't you, you naughty runaway boys?" said
their proud and happy mother when they had fully recounted their fifteen
months' experiences. "I want my boys."

"We can't, mother," said Bob. "We're the two heads of this family, you
know. I'm one head, and Ned has fairly earned the right to be the other;
and we've got property interests now. We stopped at Major Singer's on
the way home, and have made a new bargain with him. We've bought a
plantation."

Then Bob explained that the Major had agreed that they should mark off a
tract of four hundred acres where their hut stood, and take it at five
dollars an acre--quite all that it would sell for then, because of the
difficulty of getting labor for clearing land. They were to have their
own time in which to pay for the tract, but they meant to work the debt
off within a year or two by hiring one or two hands for their crop, and
thus increasing their force and their earnings.

"So you see, mother," said Bob, "we've got to go back to our
plantation."

"Very well," she replied; "and we are going with you. The family mustn't
be separated from its heads, and I want my boys, and I think my boys
want me too when they are lonely down there in the swamp."

"Indeed we do," exclaimed both boys. "Hurrah for mother!"

Three years later, as I happen to know, the last dollar of debt on the
plantation was paid. The boys have built a good house there, which
their mother has made a home for them. They have now, after a dozen
years' work, a gin-house, a cotton-press, twelve mules, a good many
cows, and Bob has a baby of his own, having found a wife on one of his
business trips.

The people of his native village, when they heard that he had actually
bought the plantation, said again that "Bob Towne _always was_ a curious
boy."




THE COUNT OF CORFU.


[Illustration: PRINCE GEORGE OF GREECE.]

Prince George of Greece, the second son of King George I. and his wife
Olga, is known as the Count of Corfu. He was born at Athens August 2,
1868. His father is only thirty-six years old, is the son of the King of
Denmark, the smallest of the European kingdoms, but very intelligent and
interesting. Hamlet wandered on its shores--Shakspeare's famous
character. Poets and sculptors have made Denmark renowned. Prince
George's mother is Olga, a cousin of the Emperor of Russia. She is about
thirty. The young King and his wife live in a fine palace at Athens, and
have two other children. The government of Greece is a limited monarchy.
Athens, the capital, was once the most famous and beautiful of all the
ancient cities. Even now its ruins are finer than any other remains of
past ages. It was once the home of all the chief writers, painters, and
sculptors of the world. The young Prince George has been educated in the
same scenes where Socrates and Plato taught, and the Greek King and his
fair wife and children would seem to be happy in their pleasant capital.

One danger alarms them. War is threatened between Greece and Turkey. The
Greeks have gathered an army of seventy thousand men at Athens to take
possession of the part of Epirus and Thessaly given them under the
Berlin Treaty. They are resolved to march to the frontier and defend
their countrymen. It is feared that the Turks will resist their claims,
and war must yet break out. The Greeks can defend themselves by land,
but on the sea the Turks have a powerful fleet that may ravage all the
coasts of Greece. The Turks are savage and brutal. They may attack
Athens, and batter down its palace and its ruins. But it is hoped that
the war may be averted, and King George and his young family live in
peace among his people.




[Illustration]

CAUGHT IN A SHOWER.

BY MRS. MARGARET SANGSTER.


  On, where did it come from, I wonder?
    There wasn't a cloud in the sky,
  And the first thing I heard was the thunder,
    The first thing I did was to cry.

  There goes a bright flash! there's another!
    I was never caught this way before.
  I wish I was home with my mother,
    And out of this terrible pour.




[Begun in No. 92 of HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, August 2.]

TIM AND TIP;

OR, THE ADVENTURES OF A BOY AND A DOG.

BY JAMES OTIS,

AUTHOR OF "TOBY TYLER," ETC.

CHAPTER VII.

TIP'S HURRIED LANDING.


Tim went below, where Bobby was waiting for him, and the sight of his
tear-filled eyes, and face red with the marks of the whipping, told the
young gentleman from Minchin's Island that there were very many
positions in the world more pleasant than that of Captain's boy on board
the _Pride of the Wave_.

"What is the matter, Tim?" he asked, in a half-whisper.

"Nothin'," was the sobbing reply; and then the boy ran to the only
living thing he knew that would sympathize with him in his grief.

Bobby stood back in astonishment as he saw Tim lie down by the side of
that wonderful hunting dog, and, pouring out his grief in indistinct
words, sob and cry in deepest distress.

"What _is_ the matter, Tim? Don't cry so, but tell me what ails you."

It was some time before Tim would speak; but when once he did open his
heart to his newly made friend, he told the entire story from the time
he ran away from Captain Babbige's house up to this last whipping he had
received. When he had concluded, he said, in the most sorrowful tone, "I
jest wish I was dead, Bobby; for there don't seem to be anybody in all
this great big world who wants to have me 'round, 'less it is to lick me
when they ain't got nothin' else to do."

"I wouldn't stand it, Tim: that's what I wouldn't do," said Bobby,
indignantly. "I'd jest leave this old boat the very first time she
stops."

But Tim had more wisdom now than he had the day he ran away from Captain
Babbige, and he said, mournfully: "Where could I go if I did run away
again? Nobody wants me an' Tip, an' we've got to have somethin' to eat."

This way of putting the matter rather confused Bobby; he had never known
what it was to be without a home, and Tim's lonely position in the world
opened his eyes to a new phase of life.

"I'll tell you what you can do; you can come to my house, an' stay jest
as long as you want to."

Tim shook his head; he remembered the invitation given by Sam Simpson,
and how it had been seconded by his parents, and he did not care for
more of the same experience.

"But you can't stay here, an' let Captain Pratt knock you 'round."

Tim assented to this; but still he did not see how he could prevent it,
unless he was willing to risk suffering in another form.

"I s'pose I'll have to go up stairs an' show the Captain that I ain't in
bed," he said, as a shudder of seasickness came over him again. "It must
be as much as ten minutes since I was there."

"I wouldn't go," said Bobby, stoutly; "I wouldn't let him think I was
afraid of him."

"But I am afraid of him, an' so would you be if he was to beat you once
the way he has me;" and then he started for the deck again.

This time he did not attempt to enter the wheel-house, but stood by the
rail outside, where the Captain could see him, and leaned over the side
until it seemed to him that everything he had eaten for the past month
was thrown to the fishes.

It was impossible for him to have waited on the Captain at the table
that day, even if he had been called upon so to do; but Mr. Rankin had
told him that he need not come into the cabin until he had recovered,
and he was truly thankful for that permission to remain away.

The steamer had sailed at eleven o'clock in the fore-noon, and by two
o'clock Tim was so sick that the very worst punishment Captain Pratt
could have devised would not have troubled him in the least.

The vessel tossed and plunged as if she were bent on going to the bottom
of the sea at the first opportunity, and Tim, in his berth, with the
faithful Bobby at his side trying to cheer and comfort him, felt that he
would not raise his hand to help himself even though he knew the _Pride
of the Wave_ was foundering.

During the remainder of that day, and all the night, Tim lay in his
berth wondering why it was he did not die, since he was so sick, and
expecting each moment that the steamer would go to the bottom. He almost
forgot Tip, save once or twice when he asked Bobby to see whether the
dog was feeling as badly as he was, and when he was told that Tip was
apparently enjoying very good health, he felt a sense of injury because
his pet did not share his sickness with him.

When Tim awakened on the following morning--for he did get some sleep
that night--the steamer was yet pitching around wildly as though she was
mad, but he had recovered from his sickness, and felt weak and hungry.
He looked as pale as though he had been confined to his bed for a week,
and he imagined that he was so thin the sun would shine right through
him; but in this he was mistaken.

Of course his first visit was to Tip, and after he had petted him to his
heart's content, given him a hearty breakfast--thanks to old Mose's
generosity--he went below to report to Mr. Rankin for duty.

There was plenty of work to be done, and now that he had paid his
"tribute to the sea," the steward showed that while he could be kind
when there was reason for it, he also believed in making boys useful.

During the morning he had not once caught a glimpse of his friend Bobby
Tucker, nor, indeed, had he had time to look for him. He had asked old
Mose where Minchin's Island was, and when the steamer would arrive
there; but although Mose could give him very little geographical
information, he knew certainly that the _Pride of the Wave_ was due at
the island about noon.

Tim was impatient to get through with his work, so that he could talk
with Bobby a few moments, and when Mr. Rankin told him that he was at
liberty until dinner-time, he went at once to Tip's narrow quarters,
believing he would find the boy from Minchin's Island there.

Nor was he mistaken, for there was Bobby examining the dog very
carefully, measuring his legs and the stump of his tail, in order that
he might give accurate information regarding him to his friends at home.

Although the boys were very glad to see each other, the meeting was not
a particularly affectionate one.

"Hello, Bob," cried Tim; and Bobby answered,

"Hello, Tim."

"What are you doin' to Tip?"

"I was only kinder lookin' him over, to see if he was all right for the
bears when he an' you come down to see me."

"Oh, he can take care of the bears fast enough, but I'm afraid he won't
get down to your house."

"Oh yes, he will," was the confident reply. "The very next time the
_Pride_ comes to the island I'm goin' to get father to make the Captain
let you come ashore, an' father's one of the selectmen, so I guess
Captain Pratt can't help hisself."

The idea that Bobby's father was one of the town officials appeared to
put the matter in a different light, and Tim began to have great hopes
that the visit might really be made.

Then the chance of catching a bear, or of getting near enough for Tip to
catch one, was discussed. Tip was unfastened in order that all his
beautiful proportions might be seen more distinctly, and the boys grew
so excited over the subject that they forgot the flight of time, until
the steamer's whistle aroused them from thoughts of bear-killing.

"Gracious!" exclaimed Bobby, "here we've got home, an' I'd forgotten we
was so near."

"Was it Minchin's Island the boat was whistlin' for?"

"Yes. That's the first place she stops at after she leaves the city.
Come quick, so's we can get my valise out of the kitchen."

Bobby's valise with its precious contents was still in the care of Mose,
its owner not having looked after it more than once each hour, and now
he was very uneasy lest he should not be able to get it in time.

Tim was so excited by his companion's fears that he fastened Tip as
quickly as possible, not noticing in his haste that the knot was only
half tied, and could easily be unloosened.

The valise, with apparently as much in it as when it was intrusted to
the old darky's care, was soon in Bobby's possession, and the two boys
went on the upper deck, from which the landing was to be made.

Here, standing by the rail, Bobby pointed out the various objects of
interest on the island, not forgetting the woods in which he was
positive Tip would one day roam in search of the ferocious bear.

Captain Pratt was standing near them, but he was so much engaged in
giving orders for the proper landing of the boat that he did not notice
his cabin-boy, who was breaking one of the rules of the steamer by
loitering on that deck.

The boat was still quite a distance from the shore, and Bobby was
pointing out his father's house, when they heard a furious barking, and
before they could turn, Tip was jumping up around them. He had found no
difficulty in escaping from the half-tied rope, and after that was done
it was an easy matter for him to find his young master.

Captain Pratt had heard Tip's joyful greeting also, and as he turned to
see the cause of it, the dog, who was in such high spirits at having
escaped from his imprisonment that he was ready to show his good-will
for every one, left the boys, and fawned upon the Captain as if he was
his best friend. Captain Pratt showed very little consideration for the
dog, even while he thought he belonged to one of the passengers, and
gave him such a kick as sent him half the length of the deck, changing
his note of joy to loud yelps of pain.

The place in which Tip had been confined was anything but a clean one,
and as a natural consequence, when he jumped upon the Captain, he left
the muddy imprints of his paws on the clean blue clothes in which the
commander of the _Pride of the Wave_ had that day arrayed himself.

"Whose dog is that?" roared the Captain, as he surveyed the damage done.

"He's mine," answered Tim, who, at the first blow struck his pet, had
jumped toward the poor brute, and taken him to his bosom to soothe him.

[Illustration: CAPTAIN PRATT THROWS TIP OVERBOARD.]

Then it was that the Captain first saw his cabin-boy on the forbidden
ground of the upper deck, and it is positive that if he had had the time
just then he would have given him a painful intimation of the mistake he
had made. As it was, he walked up to Tim quickly, seized poor Tip by the
neck, and flung him as far as possible into the water.

"Now you go below," he said, in a low, angry tone, to Tim, "and after we
make this landing I'll settle with you."

Tim paid no more attention to the Captain's words than if they had been
uttered by a boy smaller than himself, but rushed frantically to the
rail as if he was about to jump after his pet.

The steamer was already so near the wharf that Captain Pratt had no time
to see if his order was obeyed, but was obliged to give all his
attention to the management of the boat.

It was fortunate for Tip that the Captain was very angry when he threw
him into the water, since he, using all his strength, had tossed him so
far from the steamer's side that he was in no danger of being drawn
under the wheel, as would have been the case had less vigor been used in
the cruel deed.

Tip acted like a very sensible dog under the circumstances; he held his
head up and struck out boldly for the shore, urged on by a crowd of boys
on the wharf.

Tim was almost frantic with grief, believing his pet was perishing
before his eyes, and he powerless to save him. It is quite possible that
he would have obeyed his first impulse and leaped into the water to try
to save Tip, if a passenger had not taken a firm hold of him.

"It's a wicked shame. I'd jest like to take that Captain an' do to him
jest as he has done to Tip, an' he such a nice bear dog too," said
Bobby, who stood by Tim's side watching Tip's battle for life.

"Do you s'pose he'll drown?" asked Tim, the great tear-drops rolling
down his cheeks.

"I dunno," was the cautious reply. "It seems to me his legs is rather
short for swimmin' very far, an' then, you see, he ain't got any tail to
steer hisself by."

Tim was just giving way to a fresh outburst of grief at these words,
which seemed to sound Tip's death-knell, when a gentleman said:

"There isn't the slightest danger of his drowning. It will take him some
time to reach the shore, for he's not swimming directly toward it; but
he'll come out all right, and it won't do him the least harm."

"An' jest as soon as I get ashore I'll run 'round an' call him in, an'
bring him to you," said Bobby, anxious to do something toward saving the
life of an animal as valuable as he believed Tip to be.

The dog was yet some distance from the shore when the boat was made fast
to the wharf, and Bobby rushed on shore, going toward the point where
Tip must land, wholly regardless of his parents, who were waiting to
greet him.

Tim started to follow him, bent only on saving his pet, and forgetting
that there was such a person in the world as Captain Pratt, when he felt
a heavy hand on his shoulder.

[TO BE CONTINUED.]




FRIENDS IN NEED.


This is another "once upon a time" story, only that it was not such a
very long time ago that old Grandma Sparrow, Mr. and Mrs. Sparrow, and
three little Sparrow children lived on Bird Alley, only three doors away
from Mr. Jack Rabbit's house.

When the Sparrow family first moved into Bird Alley the weather was
warm, and Mr. Sparrow had not the slightest difficulty in doing his
marketing, for food was plenty in the streets, and he knew of as many as
a hundred cozy places where water could be found.

So all the summer long this family had three good meals each day simply
by going a short distance for them, and when it was very stormy some of
the children brought grandma's dinner to her, which showed that they
loved the old lady very dearly.

They were as industrious a family as ever lived in that alley, the
children doing exactly what their parents desired without ever once
crying to go out and play marbles, or to have a new doll, and they
always minded their own business, instead of idling around to see what
the neighbors were doing.

They knew that just around the corner the Rabbits lived, for several
times, when they had been out for food, the Sparrows had seen them at
the window, but the two families had never visited each other. Perhaps
they were not acquainted, because Mr. Rabbit and Mr. Sparrow had never
been introduced, or perhaps politics had something to do with it; at all
events, they were not acquaintances, and paid very little attention to
each other during the entire summer.

But one morning they awakened very early shivering with the cold,
grandmother shaking worse than all. The children were very much
surprised, for they had never had any experience with cold weather; but
the old folks looked worried, and Mr. Sparrow, without even stopping to
read the morning paper, said to his wife:

"I shall have to go out and see if any crumbs have been left for us. You
take care of grandmother, and keep the children in the house until I
come back."

The baby--for one of the children was so much smaller than the others
that they always called her the baby, even though she was only two days
younger than the oldest--cried to go out, and was so naughty that
grandma had to explain to her what the winter was.

She told her that Mr. Frost came each year on a visit, and locked
everything up in ice and snow that he could get hold of, which made it
very bad for Sparrows, unless some kind people left bread-crumbs where
hungry birds could get them.

The baby was not exactly satisfied with the explanation, because she
could not understand how it was that food should be so scarce then, when
it had been so plenty the day before; but she was naturally a good
little sparrow, and therefore did not grumble at being obliged to remain
in the house, even if she could not understand what her grandmother told
her.

It was late, and every one was very hungry, when Mr. Sparrow came back.
From the look on his face it was easy to see he had not been successful;
and after he had warmed his nose and his toes, he told them of the long
journey he had taken without finding a single chance for them to get
breakfast. Everything out-doors was frozen solid, and it seemed as if
the frost had found its way into the hearts of the people at the same
time, for not a crumb was to be seen anywhere.

Of course he knew that they must have something to eat, and he said to
his wife, much as if he was sorry at being obliged to come to such a
decision:

"Every bird in the alley is in the same plight we are, and I don't
believe any one of them has food enough in the house for a decent-sized
lunch. If it wasn't for grandmother and the children we could go hungry
for one day; but they must have something, and I have decided that I
will go over to Mr. Jack Rabbit's, and tell him just how we are
situated. He always has plenty of oats and barley in the house, and
never would miss the little we should eat."

Mrs. Sparrow did not like the idea of begging for a breakfast, and she
proposed that they should offer to pay for it by giving the Rabbit
family a concert--a plan of which Mr. Sparrow thought very highly.

It did not take them long to dress, for each one had his winter coat on,
and in a few moments after they were all sitting on a trough in front of
Mr. Rabbit's house.

Grandmother was still so lame that she could hardly sit up straight, and
the two older children felt so bashful at having all the young Rabbits
looking them straight in the face, that they got over at one end of the
trough where they could not be seen so plainly. But the baby sat up
between her mother and father as pert as possible, all ready to join in
the chorus as soon as the concert should begin.

Old Mrs. Rabbit was so surprised at the sudden appearance of visitors
when her house was not fully in order, that she stuck her head out
between the bars as if she wanted to smell of them to make sure they
were alive, and the children crowded so rudely that Mr. Rabbit was
obliged to look over his wife's head in order to see his guests.

Mr. Sparrow began the conversation by saying that he was sorry at thus
intruding on strangers, and then told of the condition of affairs in his
household, concluding his story by saying that nothing save absolute
hunger would have induced him to ask such a favor as that of something
to eat.

Then the baby spoke up, and would have told just how hungry she was, but
that her mother stepped on her toes to remind her that it was much
better for little folks to be seen than heard.

Mr. Rabbit stroked his whiskers sagely while Mr. Sparrow was speaking,
and after the baby was hushed, he said, kindly:

"I'm very sorry for you, neighbor, very sorry, and I will take especial
pains to have grain enough for your wants pushed out through the cracks
of our dining-room when we have our meals. I have always thought that
you Sparrows were not treated exactly as you deserved. In the summer the
children watch your funny ways, and think you're very nice, while some,
I am sorry to say, even steal the eggs from your nest. But when winter
comes, they seem to think it too much trouble even to throw out a piece
of bread where you can get it when the ground is covered with snow. I
shall speak about that same thing to certain parties I know, and next
winter I hope it will not happen."

Then Mrs. Rabbit apologized because she had no napkins to give her
guests, but Mrs. Sparrow begged of her not to feel badly about that,
since they were all so hungry that they would not even stop for plates
or forks, and in a few moments the Sparrow family had eaten all they
needed.

Mr. Sparrow, anxious to repay his neighbors for their kindness, started
a song, and all joined in the chorus, while the Rabbit family clapped
their paws until it was repeated over and over again.

These two families became firm friends after that first call, and during
all of last winter the Sparrows ate at the Rabbits' table; but Mr.
Rabbit says that when the cold weather comes this year he firmly
believes his friend the Editor of YOUNG PEOPLE will do all in his power
to induce his young acquaintances to see that their bird friends, who
have done so much for their amusement during the summer, are provided
with a liberal supply of crumbs during the cold winter months.

[Illustration: THE SPARROW FAMILY VISIT THE RABBIT FAMILY.]




[Illustration: ELVES IN THE PICNIC GROVE.]




LAVINIA'S LAWN PARTY.

BY JOSEPHINE POLLARD.


"Lavinia Dean!"

"Well, what?"

"You ought to be ashamed of yourself!"

"What for? What am I doing, I'd like to know?" and Lavinia looked out
from between the hands that framed her face with an expression of anger,
annoyance, and surprise.

Gussie Turner laughed, took off her hat, brushed up her bangs--for it
was a warm afternoon--and sat down on the porch beside Vinnie Dean,
imitating her very attitude. Lavinia frowned, for she disliked being
made fun of; but Gussie was such a jolly girl that it was impossible for
any one to be provoked at her for any length of time.

"What's the matter?" asked Gussie. "Why do you sit like a squaw, with
your elbows on your knees, and your chin on your hands? Is there trouble
on the war-path?"

"No," was the snappish response.

"My!" exclaimed Gussie. "I had no idea you could be so savage. May I
inquire to which tribe you belong?"

"I don't belong to any tribe. Do stop your nonsense."

"Don't belong to any tribe? Then why have you put on the war-paint and
feathers? Ah, I have it! Eureka! Alabama! The white man has entered your
camp and stolen your humpty-dumpty little pappoose. Come, let us prepare
for revenge;" and Gussie slipped her arm tenderly round Vinnie's waist.
"I ain't much of a fighter myself, but I have a brother who thinks he is
equal to a whole tribe of Indians, and if there are any scalps to be
taken, we'll send for Tad Turner."

Vinnie found it impossible to resist Gussie Turner; and although she
still maintained her humped-up position, her face gave token that the
war cloud was almost if not quite dispelled.

"It's about my birthday," said Vinnie.

"What? Wish you'd never been born?" inquired Gussie, with a comically
anxious expression. "Dear me!"

"No," said Vinnie, clasping her knees with her hands, "not so bad as
that; but I do wish I had been born in the winter."

"Why?" asked Gussie, fanning herself with her hat.

"Well, because I might have had a party then, and music and ice-cream
and all the nice things that other girls have. I think it mean to be
born in the summer, when it's too hot to do anything, and lots of folks
are away."

"Except mosquitoes," said Gussie, striking Vinnie a blow on the shoulder
that would have killed a mosquito as large as a grasshopper. It had the
effect of rousing Vinnie from her attack of the doldrums; and although
she was rather inclined to be angry and resentful, she was soon restored
to a more peaceful frame of mind.

"It was a mosquito, really," said Gussie; "but I didn't mean to hit him
so hard."

"Hit _him_?" said Vinnie, rubbing her shoulder. "Hit _her_, I should
say."

"Yes, the females do all the biting," said Gussie, "and that's all I
know about them. My birthday is in December," she continued, as if there
had been no interruption in the discourse.

"Oh, that's nice!" exclaimed Vinnie.

"No, it isn't," said Gussie. "It isn't nice at all to be born on the 23d
of December, for then it's so near Christmas that nobody takes any
notice of it."

"But you could have a party."

"We don't have parties at our house, you know," said Gussie, with a
change of tone which reminded Vinnie that Mrs. Turner was a nervous
invalid, and had to be kept quiet and as free as possible from every
annoyance.

Gussie Turner when out-of-doors was an entirely different creature from
what she was when in the house, and those who called her a "tomboy" and
"hoyden" should have seen her when officiating as head nurse at her
mother's bedside. She had a great flow of animal spirits, and was
naturally the leader in all out-door sports, which kept her from being
cross and cranky. Besides, she had a taste for reading, and was as
interested in her brother Tad's adventures as any girl could expect to
be, and went fishing or boating with him whenever she could get a
chance.

Tad said she was "as good as a boy," which was a very great compliment,
I can tell you, and Gussie was better skilled in boys' sports than she
was in girls', because she had no sisters to play with. Parties she had
no fondness for; they were stupid affairs at best, and she never had
been to one that she did not feel as if all her clothes were made of
whalebone.

"I'd like a lawn party," she said to Vinnie. "They must be nice."

"What are they like?"

"Oh, I don't know! There's never been one here," said Gussie, "but I've
read about them. They're all out-doors. Splendid for summer."

"I should think so," said Vinnie. "But--"

"Well, as Tad would say, what have you butted against now?"

"The lawn. We haven't any;" and Vinnie looked as if she were nearly
related to White Cloud or Sitting Bull.

"No," said Gussie, eying the small patch of grass in front of the house
almost concealed by the tall shrubbery. "It's too bad. But--"

"Now you've butted against something," exclaimed Vinnie, catching the
infection of Gussie's merriment.

"No, I haven't," was the reply. "I've butted over the fence, and have
the bull--no, the goat--by the horns. We have--a--lovely--lawn!"

"Gussie!"

"Fact."

"But your mother?"

"I think she'll like it. Tad'll help us. We'll combine our birthdays,
and have a royal good time." Here she seized Vinnie around the waist,
and waltzed her about to the tune of the "Racquet Galop" until both were
out of breath.

Mrs. Turner and Mrs. Dean were consulted, and gave their hearty consent
to the proposed plan, and Tad saw a good chance for distinguishing
himself. He and Gus had been reading about lawn tennis, and had seen so
many illustrations of the game that they were sure they could play it if
they had a chance.

Vinnie's birthday was on the 12th of August, and she was to see that the
invitations were sent out and the guests invited to her house. The rest
was to be kept a profound secret, and as neither Tad's nor Gussie's
friends were in the habit of collecting near the house, on account of
the known sensitiveness of Mrs. Turner's nerves, it was easy to make all
the necessary arrangements.

Tad rigged a fish-net on the lawn, following the exact directions given
in HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, and was wonderfully well pleased with his
success. Vinnie and Gussie encouraged him by their presence, and admired
the ease and skill with which he drove the posts and fastened the
guy-ropes.

"It's splendid!" exclaimed Vinnie. "Is that all? I don't know much about
the game, but I'd like to learn it."

"It's easy," said Tad. "We'll practice before Thursday, if--"

Here Tad gave a comical look toward Gussie, who returned it with a shake
of the head. Vinnie caught the signs, but could not interpret them.

"What is it?" she asked. Tad walked off with his hands in his pockets.
"It's an _if_, and you must tell me, Gussie, or I'll be real angry."

"It's mean," replied Gussie, her bright face in an unusual snarl. "We
need the racquets and balls, and Tad says they'll cost at least two
dollars."

"And did he suppose I'd let him buy them?" asked Vinnie, an indignant
color flushing her cheek. "Why, this is _my_ party, you remember!"

"Yes, but it's _our_ lawn, don't you know, and we mustn't have the wrong
kind of a racket on it."

Vinnie failed to appreciate the joke, not having much acquaintance with
the game. But she talked the matter over with Mrs. Dean, and on
Wednesday morning, when Tad was busy picking up the sticks and stones
about the lawn, an express wagon drove up to the gate, and a parcel was
handed him marked

  _Mr. Thaddeus Turner._

Tad never felt quite so important in his life, or much better pleased
than when he found it contained two handsome racquets and two balls, so
that the worry was over about the game of lawn tennis.

There was a note with the parcel from Mr. Dean, which ran thus:

     "_Mr. Thaddeus Turner:_

     "DEAR SIR,--I have no idea what the expense would be of hiring a
     lawn, but the inclosed may to some extent cover the ground and
     relieve from any feeling of indebtedness.

  "Yours very truly,
  HARRISON DEAN."

"He's a gentleman," said Tad, folding the note and tucking it away in
his vest pocket. "If he is ever up for Congress, I'll vote for him."

It would make too long a story to tell of all the wonderful preparations
that were made for the party which was to be the event of the season, or
how much Vinnie was benefited by the intimacy with the Turners, who were
the nicest kind of people.

The important day arrived, and the girls and boys met at Vinnie Dean's
about four o'clock in the afternoon, and were received in the
sitting-room, where they laid aside their hats and fixed their frizzes
(the girls did), and were prepared to have a good time.

Mrs. Dean had asked Tad to be master of ceremonies, as Arthur was too
young for such service, and Tad proved himself equal to the emergency.

He was a great mimic, and amused the company with imitations of Dutch,
French, and Irish characters, and was so clever in giving the dialect of
each that his anecdotes were received with uproarious laughter.

After an hour of such fun, the merry boy covered his face with a comical
mask, and requested "dat all de congregation would jine hands by twos
and twos, and peramberate around de kentry for de benefit ob dem fokes
what ain't in der percession."

Laughingly they obeyed his command, Gussie and Vinnie taking the head of
the column, their eyes dancing with merriment, and their actions
betraying that they knew more than they were going to tell. Tad turned
the mask around to the back of his head, took a whistle out of his
pocket, and began playing "The Rogue's March," which started the
"congregation" of twenty off at a lively pace.

Imagine their surprise when they entered Mrs. Turner's grounds and saw
the arrangements made for out-of-door sports.

Mrs. Turner was in an easy-chair on the porch, and gave them a smiling
greeting, which Tad in a moment returned by getting his troops into
line, and giving her a military salute. And then the fun began.
Everybody was anxious to learn lawn tennis, and for an hour or so little
was heard but the batting of balls and the cries that are a part of the
game. Some enjoyed the swing, and others sat on the grass under the
trees, or walked about with arms interlaced.

Gussie was everywhere, and at a signal from her, six of the larger girls
took their places on the lawn, facing the house, and ready to have a
"fan drill." This was a surprise to Vinnie Dean and her mother, who sat
beside Mrs. Turner on the porch, and for the time being the lawn tennis
court was abandoned.

The six girls were in white; three of them had red fans, three blue.
Gussie acted as Captain, and her fan was of both colors, her dress being
also red and blue. The orders were given so nicely and obeyed with such
precision that even Tad was surprised. He had no idea that girls could
be so smart, or had so much knowledge of military affairs.

As they stood in line each girl held her fan closed at her side.

"Carry fans!" said Captain Gus. The fans were brought to the shoulder.

"Present fans!" They were struck on the left hand with a unanimous
sound.

"Open fans!" They were spread with a rush.

"Rest fans!" They were closed with a snap, and returned to the right
side. Then there were the "bashful flutter," "angry flutter," "scornful
flutter," and a variety of other movements not set down in any military
tactics.

The audience were delighted, and for some time after the drill the
snapping and fluttering of fans continued.

When Tad blew the whistle there was a general start, for it was an
afternoon of surprises.

In single file the company marched back to "The Deanery," where they
were received by Vinnie's mother, and regaled with cakes, bonbons, and
ice-cream. At the close of the repast each girl and boy was presented
with a German bonbon containing a paper cap or mantle, some of which
were very becoming to their wearers.

As it began to grow dark preparations were made for a general breaking
up, which Tad prevented by calling his recruits together, and marching
them back to his own house, where they found the lawn illuminated with
colored lamps, and looking "just like fairy-land." Then they danced and
sang and played games until they were tired, and by nine o'clock the
party was over.

Vinnie thanked Tad and Gussie, who thanked her in return, all three
declaring they had had a "perfectly lovely," "splendid," and
"magnificent" time; and it was such a co-operative affair that to this
day Vinnie is in doubt whether it was her birthday party or Gussie's. It
was such a funny thing to borrow a lawn! But Tad and Gussie thought it
an excellent arrangement, and told Vinnie that whenever she gave a
birthday party they should expect to do their part of the entertaining,
and Vinnie begins to think that, after all, she must have been born
under a lucky star even if it was in the dog-days; for it is the
luckiest thing in the world to have friends who are willing and ready to
put themselves out in order to do us a favor.




[Illustration: MISS DELPHINA'S SCHOOL.]

HALICORA, THE MERMAID.

BY E. MULLER.


Little Halicora Cetacea lived in the Mediterranean Sea, near the south
coast of Italy. She went to Miss Delphina's school, with other nice
little mermaids, and learned how to knit sea-weed lace, and how to do up
her hair becomingly, and many other useful things. Miss Delphina had a
good deal of trouble with her pupils, for sometimes they were very full
of mischief. They used to bring oysters to school in their pockets, and
eat them slyly, and some of the pupils had a perfect passion for pink
and purple jelly-fish, though Miss Delphina always forbade them to eat
sweetmeats; and others used to bring their pet sea-horses with them, and
play with them in class, which kept Miss Delphina always scolding. The
merboys, too, gave her trouble, for they hid among the rocks, and threw
sting-rays and sea-eggs at the mermaids, making them jump and shriek and
drop stitches. Then Miss Delphina would unchain Cephalopterus, and set
him at the boys. Cephalopterus was a large devil-fish, which Miss
Delphina kept as a watch-dog, and when he laid hold of a merboy, that
boy was sorry. But merboys were not the only troubles that Miss Delphina
had; there were great rude dolphins and porpoises and sharks and
sword-fish, and other sea creatures, and, worse yet, there were land
creatures too, which came to annoy her. One day, while the knitting
class was at work, there suddenly descended an awful monster right
before them. It was a diver in a diving suit, with a long air-pipe
leading from the top of his head to the surface of the water, and any
creature quite so ugly not even the oldest mermaid, not even Miss
Delphina, had ever seen. Every mermaid shrieked, dropped her knitting,
and hid behind the rocks. The diver was looking for a place to lay a
submarine cable; he walked about, getting his feet entangled in the
knitting-work, mixing up every one's ball, and pulling out rows and rows
of stitches. This was too much. Miss Delphina called to the oldest and
bravest mermaids to come to the rescue, and told Halicora to unchain
Cephalopterus. Then they all rushed at the diver, Halicora with the
devil-fish first. The diver only gave one look; that was enough; he gave
such a pull at his air cord that his friends up in the boat thought he
was dying, and hauled him up in a twinkling, and the mermaids never saw
him again. Halicora was the brightest and prettiest of all Miss
Delphina's mermaids, and after she showed herself to be so quick and
brave in setting Cephalopterus at the diver, Miss Delphina said she
might go up on land to bring down the offerings from the fishermen.
These offerings were fruit and flowers left on the shore for the
mermaids, because the fishermen believed they would send them good luck
in fishing, and a safe return from their voyages, if presents were given
them; so every week a large basketful was left on the shore, and some of
the older mermaids usually went up just at dawn and brought it down.

On the shore lived a very good fisherman named Pietro Monaldi, whose
little boy, Leonardo, used to gather the fruit and flowers, and leave
them for the mermaids. Leonardo had always longed to see a mermaid,
though his father said they were invisible, and he had often watched on
the shore at dawn, but had never been able to catch a glimpse of one
until Halicora came up. Perhaps Halicora had forgotten that she was to
seize the basket and instantly plunge into the water, or perhaps she
felt too curious to be quite obedient. At any rate, when she saw a nice
black-eyed boy peeping from behind a rock, she did not hurry away, but
said: "Good-morning. Is this the offering I am to take?"

Leonardo came from behind the rock, and bowing politely, said, "Yes; and
I am 'Nardo Monaldi, at your service."

"And is it you who brings us these nice things?" asked Halicora.

"It is," answered 'Nardo. "And I beg you will take care of my dear
father, who is now out fishing."

Halicora thought she had never seen such a handsome, well-behaved boy.
She was sure he would never hide and throw things at his cousins the
way her cousins, Manatus and Rytinus Cetacea, threw sting-rays at the
mermaids.

"Tell me your father's name, and he shall be taken care of," she said.

[Illustration: HALICORA.]

By the time 'Nardo had told her his father's name, and the names of
several other good fishermen who lived near, Halicora saw the sun
rising; so she said good-by, promising to come again. When she went home
she wrote notes to all her relations, the Cetaceans and the Sirenidians,
telling them to be particularly careful of Pietro Monaldi, as he was a
good man and a friend of hers; and as Halicora was dearly loved by every
one, all her relations promised to look out for Pietro Monaldi, and send
him plenty of fish. After that, Halicora and 'Nardo became very well
acquainted, and told each other a great deal about the land and sea, and
Halicora became quite certain that no merboy ever could be so pleasant
and good as 'Nardo. One beautiful morning she told him there was going
to be a fearful storm, and that his father ought not to go out in his
boat.

"I will tell him you have told me," said 'Nardo.

"No, no; if you even tell him you have seen me, I can never come again,"
said Halicora, for she had warned him when they first met not to speak
of her.

So 'Nardo only told his father that there would be a terrible
storm--that the wind and waves had whispered it to him. But his father
laughed at him for a silly dreaming boy, and went out in his boat with
the other fishermen. The storm came, a terrible storm, just as Halicora
had said, and the fishing-boat was wrecked, and all the men in it were
drowned, except 'Nardo's father. Halicora had helped him to swim, had
lifted him out of the waves, and brought him a piece of the wrecked boat
to hold upon. Pietro thought the piece of board came by a lucky
accident; but Halicora was holding it, and she brought him safely to
land just at dawn. 'Nardo was on the shore, waiting in great anxiety for
the boat to come back. When he saw Halicora helping his father, he
forgot her warning, and exclaimed: "Thanks, dear Halicora! See, father,
the good mermaid has helped you."

But his father saw nothing--only those who are young and truly good can
see the mermaids; so Pietro only saw the waves and the piece of wood
which he had floated upon. But he was very glad and thankful that he was
saved, and so was 'Nardo.

The next day 'Nardo carried a large basketful of the finest fruit he
could find, and waited on the shore for Halicora. As soon as she came he
exclaimed, "Dear Halicora, how good you are!"

"You are good too, 'Nardo,"; said Halicora; "and I am sorry I must leave
you."

"Oh, Halicora, why must you leave me?" asked 'Nardo.

"Because you spoke my name aloud," said Halicora. "My father heard you,
and he says there can be no friendship between land and sea people; and
so I must go up to the Arctic Sea, among the ice and polar bears, to
stay with my aunt Rytina Borealis until I forget you."

Then she said good-by, and went down into the water, and 'Nardo never
saw her again. He often goes to the shore, hoping she may have come
back; but though the other mermaids come and take the offering, Halicora
has never returned, and so 'Nardo knows that she has not forgotten him.

[Illustration: THE HOME OF AUNT RYTINA BOREALIS.]




[Illustration: OUR POST-OFFICE BOX.]


Now that vacation is over, we shall expect to hear from our girls and
boys about their school affairs. Let us know which of you have been
promoted, and tell us how you like the new teachers, the new scholars,
and the new studies. We are sure you mean to take hold of school work
heartily after having had the splendid summer holidays. What do you do
mornings and evenings to help mother? What do you mean to be when you
shall be grown up? Some of you are sorry that your letters are not
published in Our Post-office Box. It is impossible to publish all,
because we have such a crowd of correspondents; but we try to select the
letters which will be most entertaining to everybody, and if you will
remember this, and when you are writing tell us something interesting
that has happened in your home, or something droll that your pets have
done, or some bright thing that the little ones have said, you will very
likely see your letter in print.

       *       *       *       *       *

  HAVANA, CUBA.

     I am studying English, with an American lady, and as she does not
     wish me to read Spanish, I read only English books and papers. I
     like your paper better than any book. I have in New York three
     friends, who are the nieces of my teacher. Here too I have many
     friends, and some of them, like myself, are studying English.

     We have a pair of very pretty rabbits. They are white and brown.
     They are called Bunny and Funny, and are very tame.

     I wish very much indeed to visit New York, and I mean to beg papa
     to let me go next year with my teacher.

     The story that I like best of all that I have read in YOUNG PEOPLE
     was "Aunt Ruth's Temptation."

     This is the rainy season, and we have rain every day. We are very
     desirous to see the dry weather come back.

     We have a large farm in the country, and there we have a fine
     croquet ground, where we play very often. We speak only English in
     the school-room and with our teacher.

  SIRENA C.

       *       *       *       *       *

  PROVIDENCE, RHODE ISLAND.

     We have a very droll pet, but if you were to guess all day long,
     you would never find out what it is. It is nothing less than a tame
     woodchuck. He is quite pretty, and will follow those he fancies all
     over the house, running up to any one who taps upon the floor, that
     being our way of calling him. I am sorry to add that he is often
     very mischievous, and sometimes gets into trouble in his anxiety to
     see what is going on. One day we found him floundering in a kettle
     of grease, in which he had fallen while trying to keep his balance
     on its edge and discover its contents at the same time. I derive
     much pleasure from Our Post-office Box, and thought I would like to
     become one of its correspondents.

  WALDO L.

       *       *       *       *       *

  OMEGA, LOUISIANA.

     I live very far down South, on a beautiful river-bank in the
     country. Perhaps some of you will pity me, but I would not like to
     exchange my quiet country home for one in the busy city. I have a
     black pony as gentle as he can be, and every day at four o'clock I
     saddle him, and off go Billie and I to the Post-office, a distance
     of two and a half miles.

     My mamma is an invalid, and I help her all I can to clear up the
     dishes, sweep, and attend to the little chickens. Our nearest
     neighbor is only at the distance of a few minutes' walk, so I often
     run up there to play with the children.

  M. L. U.

       *       *       *       *       *

  DANVILLE, ILLINOIS.

     I was quite interested in Mary W. H.'s letter about her dog Prince.
     I have a dog of the same name. He is only a year and a half old,
     but he knows a great many tricks. He can walk on his hind-legs, sit
     on his haunches, speak, give his right or left paw, shake hands,
     crawl like a baby, and turn a somersault. He is very cute. A man
     shot him in the hind-leg one night, but it is not broken, and will
     soon be well.

     We girls have organized a society lately, which we have called "The
     Dainty Finger Cooking Club." I am secretary, and every member has
     chosen a nom de plume for herself.

  BERTHA L.

     We hope the Dainty Fingers will become very skillful.

       *       *       *       *       *

  NEW YORK CITY.

     We have come all the way from Queensland, Australia, and are
     travelling around the world. Our home is in Rockhampton, which we
     left about four years ago. Since then we have lived in Brisbane,
     Sydney, and Auckland; then we crossed the Pacific to California,
     visiting Honolulu on our way. We spent some time in San Francisco,
     and then crossed the great American continent, and arrived in New
     York a few months ago. On our way over we stopped at Salt Lake
     City, Chicago, Detroit, Niagara, and other places. We saw Indians,
     Mormons, bears, buffaloes, California lions, coyotes, antelopes,
     etc. We crossed the Sierra Nevada and Rocky Mountains. On the
     Sierra Nevada we saw snow for the first time in our lives, and we
     did not know what to make of it at first. My little sister said it
     was soap-suds, and my little brother thought it was cream pie.

     After a while we are going to Boston, and will then cross the
     Atlantic to Ireland, go from there to England, thence to Paris and
     Berlin, and finally we will return to our old home in Australia by
     way of the Suez Canal. By that time we shall have been pretty well
     around the world--don't you think so? We have a jolly family: papa,
     mamma, auntie, four sisters, and three brothers. One brother, three
     years old, is named Sydney Francis, but we call him Captain Cook,
     and another, Arthur Cecil, we call Nipper. We lost one dear little
     girl soon after we came here; poor little Mabel took diphtheria and
     died. We have a little American baby to take home with us. Her name
     is Marion Ruby, and she is three months old. If you would like me
     to write to you from Ireland or England, please let me know. We are
     always going to take HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, even after we are again
     at home in Australia.

  OLYMPIA R. B. C.

Yes, we will be glad to hear again from you. Such a journey as you are
taking must be very delightful, and very instructive too. It is the
pleasantest way of studying geography and political economy we ever
heard of.

       *       *       *       *       *

  PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA.

     I am not sure, but I think I shall like Mr. Otis's new story even
     better than I did "Toby Tyler." I do hope he will not kill Tip, as
     he did Mr. Stubbs. I have no pets. Was that robin which Mr. Otis
     once wrote about a real bird?

  WALTER M. G.

Yes, the robin was a real bird.

       *       *       *       *       *

  LONDON, ENGLAND.

     I am a little American boy living in England, and am nine years
     old. A lady sends YOUNG PEOPLE to a friend of mine, and he gives it
     to me. I enjoy reading it very much, and after I have finished a
     number I give it to some of my English friends to read. I have been
     very ill, and my mamma took me to a farm half a mile from the sea.
     The Coast-guards live on the beach to prevent smugglers from
     landing there.

  LOUIS THOMAS M.

       *       *       *       *       *

  ALLEGHANY CITY, PENNSYLVANIA.

     Don't you want to hear about our little kitten? She can spring from
     the third-story window to the roof when she wants to chase the
     birds, and she stands on a chair by the window and plays with the
     flies.

  AGNES U. J.

       *       *       *       *       *

  MARENGO, IOWA.

     Our four cats are named Spot, Nig, Toby, and Tyler. Our dog's name
     is Vet. A long while ago I had two cats which were called Moody and
     Sankey. They are dead. I would like to exchange pieces of silk for
     sea-moss.

  LINNIE ALVERSON.

       *       *       *       *       *

  NEWBURGH, NEW YORK.

     I suppose everybody has heard of Stony Point, which General Anthony
     Wayne took by storm at midnight on the 15th of July, 1779. Two
     years ago they had a centennial celebration on the spot. I have
     been visiting during a part of my vacation at my uncle's farm at
     Stony Point. In ploughing he has found cannon-balls, stone axes,
     and soldiers' buttons. I myself found a cannon-ball, and prize it
     highly. I helped with the farm-work, hoeing corn and cabbages, and
     taking hold heartily of whatever was going on. I went in bathing,
     and learned to swim a little, though I am not yet an expert
     swimmer. My father, who is, has saved several lives. My
     Sunday-school teacher lately took her class to West Point. We saw
     Custer's monument, went through the library, staid until evening,
     and saw the dress parade. I think it is splendid to see the
     officers go forward to salute the commanding officer.

     Thinking I would like to earn some money, I have undertaken a paper
     route, and have lately been delivering two hundred papers a day.
     School begins the first Monday in September.

  ALBERT J. B.

       *       *       *       *       *

  ISLE ST. GEORGE, OHIO.

     I live on a little island in Lake Erie. It is real pleasant here. I
     have the very nicest kitten you ever saw. He is nestling on my lap
     and purring contentedly while I write. His name is Jetty. We have a
     dear little white pony named Billy. I had a pet chicken, but it
     died. I wish Jimmy Brown would relate more of his ups and downs.

  EMMA G.

       *       *       *       *       *

  NEWARK, NEW JERSEY.

     I think Toby Tyler was a very original little boy, and it was too
     bad to end his experiences so soon. I would like to hear of his
     life at Uncle Dan'l's. You have no idea how glad I would be to see
     his little, innocent, wistful face in the paper again. I wish to
     tell you that I have received a letter from one of your
     correspondents in Europe. It was not written with a view to
     exchanges, but was such a letter as one school-girl would write to
     another. The correspondence is certainly interesting, as neither of
     us has friends in the other's country.

     I wrote to you last winter for certain information, which you very
     kindly gave me. Allow me to thank you for it. It was quite
     satisfactory. I often wonder who it is that answers all the
     questions of the YOUNG PEOPLE's friends. What piles of letters they
     must read! And, dear me! don't their heads ever ache? If you don't
     think my curiosity impertinent, perhaps you wouldn't mind telling
     me about them.

  LILIAN P.

The Editor's head never aches after reading such letters as yours, Miss
Lilian, nor after answering the questions which inquisitive young people
send to Our Post-office Box. But as for telling you any more, that would
be out of the question.

       *       *       *       *       *

  WOODSIDE, NEAR LINCOLNTON, NORTH CAROLINA.

     DEAR FRIENDS,--Again I write, almost fearing you will grow tired of
     my many letters and the space I occupy in your Post-office Box, but
     I wish very much to thank you for many more little packages that
     you have sent since I last wrote. They have come from: Mrs. E.
     Janes, Oshkosh, Wis.; Miss Isabel Chambers, Fifty-second Street,
     Lancaster Avenue, West Philadelphia, Penn.; Miss Edna Van Note,
     Lebanon, Ohio; Mrs. Rebekah Snyder, Parton, Ill.; Maggie and Eliza
     Bell, Sabbath Rest, Penn.; Russia Lubeck, Auburn, Cal.; Maude
     Buckner, Covington, Ky.; Charles Thompson; Misses Anna and Louisa
     Favre, Ontario, Iowa; Miss Miriam Oliver, Milwaukee, Wis.; Miss
     Isabel Oakley, Terre Haute, Ind.; Miss Beckington, Des Moines,
     Iowa; George F. Curwen, Villa Neva, Penn.; Miss S. Wilson, Honeoye,
     N. Y.; Mrs. R. E. Ormsley, Emmetsburg, Iowa; Miss Lena Turch, Alma,
     Mich.

     Our school has grown since I wrote first, and now numbers
     thirty-seven. There are several more that want to come. Our
     dining-room is full; they use all the chairs, with all from the
     lower floor of the house that can easily be carried out. We will
     have a bench made for their use, and until it gets cold can put
     some on that on the long gallery between the house and dining-room.
     They sing "By cool Siloam's shady rill" very nicely indeed, and are
     learning "Onward, Christian Soldiers." We need an instrument very
     much, and when we get one we will teach them twice a month, if not
     oftener, on Saturday afternoons.

     While we were away, Pete's older children grew up very wild. We
     feared we could not reach them, but we are very glad that now the
     oldest son has come to Sunday-school. There is one more, off on the
     railroad; but as Fayette has come, he will follow when he comes
     home. Fayette does not know his letters, but comes in the evening
     during the week to my little son; so he will soon get up with the
     others. I do not know how to thank you for your kind and generous
     help. Without it we could not have taught these children, much as
     we desired to do so. I think they too are very grateful to you all.

     We are keeping back the best books and prettiest cards, for we
     want, if we can, to make a feast and have a tree for them at
     Christmas, and make them all supremely happy for one day. They have
     never seen a Christmas tree, and have never had any Christmas
     presents, except Pete's children, who always have a gift from us. I
     am not sure that we can do it, but hope we can. Truly your grateful
     friend,

  MRS. RICHARDSON.

       *       *       *       *       *

  SYKESVILLE, NEW JERSEY.

     In No. 93 of HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE Mr. Eggleston says the baby
     elephant cracks pea-nuts with its feet, and that it did not learn
     this from the grown-up elephants, "for they eat nuts without
     cracking them." This is a mistake, for I have seen the large
     elephants at the Zoological Garden in Philadelphia crack nuts with
     their feet, as Mr. Eggleston says the baby elephant did.

  SAMUEL B.

Perhaps the elephants you saw learned their cute way of cracking nuts
when they were baby elephants, and never forgot it.

       *       *       *       *       *

  CARLISLE, PENNSYLVANIA.

     I have seen a good many letters in the Post-office Box, but none
     from Carlisle. We live about half a mile from the Indian school, so
     I thought I would tell you about it. The boys all wear blue
     uniforms, and the girls bright dresses and ribbons. They make many
     useful articles, and also moccasins and bows and arrows, which they
     sell very cheaply. I am twelve years old.

  A. DUNCAN Y.

       *       *       *       *       *

  BOWMANSVILLE, NEW YORK.

     My mamma takes you for us, dear YOUNG PEOPLE, and we like you so
     much! I am going to send this, my first letter, to you. I am eight
     years old. I have one brother and three little sisters. We have
     nice times watching cows in papa's orchards. Our Sunday-school had
     a picnic at Buffalo Park last week; rowed on the lake, and saw the
     swans. We are Disciples, like our poor President. Our district is
     building the nicest school-house in the country. We think your
     stories all splendid, and could not do without you.

  ALICE Y. B.

       *       *       *       *       *

  LOGAN'S FERRY, PENNSYLVANIA.

     My home is on the banks of the Alleghany River, and on the farm on
     which my great-grandfather lived when these woods were the home of
     the savage Indians. When my grandfather was a little boy, his
     mother used to take him, with her other children, into Fort Pitt,
     now Pittsburgh, for safety. I have two little sisters, one five
     years and the other four months old. I had a nice old dog named
     Shep. He died. Then we had none until my aunt came from Tennessee,
     and brought a cunning little dog with her. She thinks a great deal
     of him, for one night, when she was all alone, her house took fire
     and burned down, and Prince, who was sleeping in her room, barked
     and barked, and jumped on her bed, to awaken her. But for him she
     might have been burned with the house. He is in my care, and is
     faithful and obedient.

     I would like very much to see Mrs. Richardson's school, and old
     Pete.

  HUGH L. S., Jun.

Prince was a very good watch-dog, and you ought to be proud of him.
Fidelity and obedience are splendid qualities in a dog's character, and
in a boy's too.

       *       *       *       *       *

The following exchanges are offered by correspondents:

     Red scallop shells, Indian money from Buzzard's Bay, and stones
     from the Bay of Fundy, for a stone from any Territory.

  LAWRENCE BROOKS,
  7 Arlington St., Boston, Mass.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Postmarks, for anything suitable for a museum; or thirty-five
     postmarks, for an Indian arrow-head.

  ARTHUR R. WILLYOUNG,
  147 Park St., Detroit, Mich.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Rare coins, postmarks, and rare stamps, especially from South and
     Central America, China, etc., for other rare stamps, foreign and
     U. S. Higher values of the 1869 issue of U. S. America especially
     desired.

  SIDNEY ARENHEIM,
  127 East Sixty-ninth St., New York City.

       *       *       *       *       *

     A set of Paraguay stamps, for the 24, 30, and 90 cent issue of
     U. S. stamps for 1869. One Paraguay stamp, for any one of those. A
     Nova Scotia and an Egypt official stamp, for the 7 or 90 cent War
     Department, or any stamp from the Executive Department.

  ARTHUR COPP,
  4 Washington Avenue, Madison, Wis.

       *       *       *       *       *

     A very beautiful topaz Stone from Pike's Peak, for coins and
     curiosities.

  HARRY WALLACE,
  Winterset, Madison Co., Iowa.

       *       *       *       *       *

     An autograph note of nine lines signed with the initials of
     Longfellow, one of seven lines signed with the initials of J. R.
     Lowell, one of nine lines signed O. W. Holmes, one of thirteen
     lines signed R. W. Emerson, and a signature of Louis Agassiz, for a
     signed note or document of Abraham Lincoln or John Brown; or any
     one of them, for a signed note or document of U. S. Grant, General
     Sherman, General Sheridan, General Thomas, or Admiral Farragut.

  RICHARD NORTON, Ashfield, Mass.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Postmarks, for postmarks. Minerals, for red and brown hematite and
     black magnetic iron ores, tin and nickel ores and cinnabar,
     sea-shells (rare only), ocean curiosities, especially a
     horseshoe-crab and a sea-horse. Send postal to arrange exchange.

  WALTER S. STILLMAN,
  C. B. Natural History Club,
  Box 966, Council Bluffs, Iowa.

       *       *       *       *       *

     A specimen of genuine lava from Vesuvius, for an Indian arrow-head,
     or Indian relics of any kind.

  JOHN S. WOODRUFF,
  310 Washington Avenue, Brooklyn, N. Y.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Stones from New York, Vermont, or Massachusetts, for stones from
     any State or Territory except New Jersey and Pennsylvania.

  JENNIE J. EDWARDS,
  Plattsburg, Clinton Co., N. Y.

       *       *       *       *       *

     A Cape of Good Hope or New Zealand stamp, for an Indian arrow-head.

  EDWARD WENDEHACK, Jun.,
  465 Third Avenue, New York City.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Two pieces of iron ore, for the same of any other kind of ore;
     twenty Canadian stamps, for two Mexican agates.

  JOHN KELLET,
  Whitby, Ontario, Canada West.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Coins and postage stamps from Turkey, Austria, Russia, and Italy,
     for their value in the same from other countries.

  ROGER SYDNEY,
  Station C, San Francisco, Cal.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Eight postmarks, for an African or Brazilian stamp.

  WALTER DEVELIN,
  2039 Camac St., Philadelphia, Penn.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Minerals and curiosities, granite, marble in the rough, mica, gold,
     lead, and silver ores, all in the same stone, for other minerals.
     Iron ore especially wanted. The wing of a flying-fish, caught by
     myself in the Gulf of Mexico, is also offered.

  W. M. VAN DER WEYDE,
  236 Duffield St., Brooklyn, N. Y.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Stamps from Mauritius, Falkland, Marquesas Islands, Moluccas,
     Caroline Islands, Spitzbergen, Persia, and Tripoli, for stamps from
     Turkey, Austria, Portugal, South America, Central America,
     Heligoland, Feejee Islands, Germany, Sandwich Islands, Denmark,
     Sweden, Italy, Switzerland, Russia, Cape of Good Hope. Rare stamps
     required.

  CHARLES STERLING, Station C, San Francisco.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Peruvian stamps, for U. S. revenues, and postage stamps from China,
     Prince Edward Island, and Cape of Good Hope.

  F. H. LOHSE,
  Box 466, New York City.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Stones of public buildings and soil of Pennsylvania and New Jersey,
     for arrow-heads and postmarks of North Carolina, Ohio, and
     Pennsylvania.

  HARRY M. GLOVER,
  1922 South Tenth St., Philadelphia, Penn.

       *       *       *       *       *

     A piece of elm under which Logan, the celebrated Indian chief, made
     a treaty with the whites, and shells from islands around Australia,
     for Indian and other curiosities, type, games, etc. Type especially
     wanted.

  JOHN S. DUFFY,
  Circleville, Pickaway Co., Ohio.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Berries, and cotton in the pod from Cuba, coffee seeds and leaves,
     and botanic specimens for a museum, for genuine Indian relics. Send
     postal in advance.

  JOSEPH H. FARGIS,
  246 East Thirty-fourth St., New York City.

       *       *       *       *       *

     A box containing eleven different curiosities, for three African,
     Asiatic, or Australian stamps. A U. S. dime of 1853, for gold ore.

  A. A. BEEBE, Box 102, Nahant, Mass.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Stamps, for stamps from Cape of Good Hope, Holland, Spain, and
     Russia.

  JAMES HESLETINE,
  1710 Geary St., San Francisco, Cal.

       *       *       *       *       *

     One hundred postmarks, all different, including some foreign ones,
     for rare foreign coins of any country except England.

  C. E. DEVELIN,
  2039 Camac St., Philadelphia, Penn.

       *       *       *       *       *

     A magic lantern, with slides, for a printing-press and type.

  F. J. HILL, Jun.,
  122 South Fifth St., Brooklyn, N. Y.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Carbonate ores, containing lead, silver, and other minerals, naming
     the different mines from which they come, for Indian relics and
     curiosities suitable for a cabinet. Fifty foreign stamps, for a
     genuine Indian tomahawk. Write before sending articles.

  JEROME T. GARDNER,
  1324 Tenth Avenue, East Oakland, Cal.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Forty stamps, for Indian relics. Please write to arrange exchange.

  SAMUEL SINCLAIR,
  Box 59, Winooski, Chittenden Co., Vt.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Fine specimens of iron pyrites, for any curiosities except stamps.

  ARTHUR COWDIN,
  Delphos, Allen Co., Ohio.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Three foreign postage stamps, for one from Turkey.

  S. J. WEISS, care of J. Kearney,
  32 Park Place, New York City.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Foreign and old U. S. stamps, for stamps from Asia and Africa.

  JESSIE NEWTON,
  Fayville, Worcester Co., Mass.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Fifty mixed Canadian stamps, for a piece of red coral; twenty-five,
     for a piece of petrified hickory wood.

  JOHN A. JOHNSTON, Whitby, Ontario, Can.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Norwegian, French, Danish, and old and rare U. S. stamps, for any
     South American stamps. Stamp for stamp.

  HAROLD CHANNING,
  Care of Wilkes Roper, Princeton, Mass.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Postmarks from all parts of the world, and very rare foreign
     stamps, including two varieties of Grenada, for minerals, ores, and
     Indian curiosities. Several fine garnets, for Iceland spar or gold
     or silver ore.

  F. W. ROE,
  108 West 133d St., New York City.

       *       *       *       *       *

     One hundred postmarks, for an 1856 nickel cent or U. S. copper
     cents of 1794, 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798, 1809, and 1811.

  ONY PURDY,
  205 Prince St., New York City.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Shells from the West Indies, silk for quilts, buttons with shanks,
     and a set of fancy gilt cards, for curiosities. Please label
     specimens.

  NINA WATTS,
  Box 138, Station A, New York City.

       *       *       *       *       *

     A 1, 2, and 3 cent Norwegian, a 1 and 2 cent Japanese, and a 5-cent
     Canadian, for an Indian arrow-head.

  J. A. HARRIS, Box 10, Attleborough, Mass.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Foreign stamps and U. S. postmarks, for stamps from Hamburg, Gold
     Coast, Egypt, Japan, China, Hong-Kong, Straits Settlements, Prince
     Edward and Virgin Islands.

  W. F. G.,
  324 East Fifty-fifth St., New York City.

       *       *       *       *       *

     A genuine bracket-saw and outfit, with thirty-five patterns and
     thirteen saw-blades, to any one sending me the best offer of any
     kind of curiosity. Also rare postmarks, for foreign postage stamps
     and coins. A microscope especially desired.

  FRANK NELSON, Monmouth, Warren Co., Ill.

       *       *       *       *       *

     Rare foreign stamps, for the same from Brazil, Ceylon, Argentine
     Republic, Hong-Kong, Japan, etc.

  W. E. OIKRU, 112 Henry St., New York City.

       *       *       *       *       *

     A telephone that will work two miles, for a photographer's camera
     like one advertised, in YOUNG PEOPLE.

  H. HAIGHT,
  240 Washington St., Hoboken.

[_For other exchanges, see third page of cover._]

       *       *       *       *       *

A. S. D.--Wood's _Illustrated Natural History_, Ingersoll's _Friends
worth Knowing_, Wolf's _Wild Animals_, and Jaeger's _North American
Insects_ are all excellent works on the subjects they treat. These books
are published by Harper & Brothers, and are illustrated.

       *       *       *       *       *

N. ENG F.--We can hardly blame you for feeling dissatisfied with your
present position. A boy of sixteen, who is well and strong, and who has
acquired a common-school education, ought to do better than remain in an
office at $2 a week, with no prospect of advancement. You might learn a
trade. You might, if your parents gave their consent, go West and engage
in farming. You might enter a business house at the bottom, and work
your way up. Whatever you do, thoroughness, honesty, and diligence are
necessary to success. So is self-denial, and a steady effort to do your
best every day.

       *       *       *       *       *

LEWIE B.--Directions for making a steam-engine and boiler were given in
No. 49, Vol. I.

       *       *       *       *       *

Correct answers to puzzles have been received from H. Denny Paxton,
"Queen Bess," Flavel S. Mines, Rose B., "Miss Ouri," _Marion E.
Norcross_, _George Sylvester_, "Will O. Tree," Little Tommie, Frank
Lomas, G. Volckhausen, "Wiggins and Spriggins," Paxton, Lizzie Cramer,
_Frank S. Davis_, Emily Fane, C. T., John W. Ward, O. A. A., Jacob
Marks, "North Star," Leo Marks, James Watson, Jemima Beeston, Emma
Roehm.

       *       *       *       *       *

PUZZLES FROM YOUNG CONTRIBUTORS.

No. 1.

CHARADES.

My second, though stationary, carries my first, and my whole is an
indispensable article in the kitchen.

My first is the cause of my second, and my second is a defense against
my first. My whole is part of a lady's toilet.

  ELEANOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 2.

TWO ENIGMAS.

  My first is in pool, but not in spring.
  My second is in toll, but not in ring.
  My third is in cat, but not in dog.
  My fourth is in mouse, and not, in frog.
  My fifth is in sun, and not in moon.
  My sixth is in rabbit, not in 'coon.
  My whole sings in a mournful way
  The livelong hot midsummer day.

  GEORGE E. W.

  Pray who can guess my name?
    My first is in Susan, and not in Nell.
    My second is in Inez, and not in Belle.
    My third is in Rosa, and not in Nan.
    My fourth is in Ellen, and not in Fan.
    My fifth is in Nora, and not in Bettie.
    My sixth is in Anna, and not in Hettie.
  My whole might be worked in the sampler's frame.

  S. C.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 3.

TWO DIAMONDS.

1.--1. A consonant. 2. A strong drink. 3. A sweet substance. 4. A girl's
name. 5. A consonant.

2.--1. In river. 2. A metal. 3. A kind of serpent. 4. A trap. 5. In
river.

  DAMON AND PYTHIAS.

       *       *       *       *       *

ANSWERS TO PUZZLES IN No. 95.

No. 1.

  R E G A L     C E A S E
  E L I D E     E A S E L
  G I V E N     A S I D E
  A D E P T     S E D A N
  L E N T O     E L E N A

  A C I D
  C O D E
  I D L E
  D E E P

No. 2.

  L eopar  D
  A ntelop E
  M  oos   E
  B  adge  R

No. 3.

Preach, reach, each. Cheat, heat, eat.

No. 4.

Obelisk.

       *       *       *       *       *

Throwing a Light, on page 720--Crane.




[Illustration]

TEDDY, PET, AND DOT.


  Teddy so big, and Dot so small,
    And Pet half way between,
  Ran when they heard dear mamma's call;
        And the sly tall grass
        They had to pass
    Hid them from being seen.

  Teddy so big, and Dot so small,
    And Pet of middling size,
  They climbed Miss Spankem's garden wall,
        And--ping, pang, ping!--
        The jolliest swing
    Hung right before their eyes.

  Cried Teddy, with his cap a-twirl:
    "It's ours, for--don't you see?--
  Miss Spankem's got no boy nor girl.
        So jump in, Pet;
        Dot, don't you fret--
    I'll swing you, after me."

  As Teddy pushed, as Pet she clung,
    And Dot sat on the wall,
  The sly old swing, as it swing, swang, swung,
        Knocked Ted about,
        And spilled Pet out,
    Giving them both a fall.




PARLOR MAGIC.

THE MIRACULOUS APPLE.


To divide an apple into several parts without breaking the rind: Pass a
needle and thread under the rind of the apple, which is easily done by
putting the needle in again at the same hole it came out of; and so
passing on until you have gone round the apple. Then take both ends of
the thread in your hands, and draw it out, by which means the apple will
be divided into two parts. In the same manner you may divide it into as
many parts as you please, and yet the rind will remain entire. Present
the apple to any one to peel, and it will immediately fall to pieces.


THE OMELET COOKED IN A HAT.

State that you are about to cook an omelet; then you break four eggs in
a hat, place the hat for a short time over the flame of a candle, and
shortly after produce an omelet completely cooked and quite hot. Some
persons will be credulous enough to believe that by the help of certain
ingredients you have been enabled to cook the omelet without fire; but
the secret of the trick is that the omelet had been previously cooked
and placed in the hat, but could not be seen, because the operator, when
breaking the eggs, placed it too high for the spectators to observe the
contents. The eggs were empty ones, the contents having been previously
extracted by being sucked through a small aperture; but to prevent the
company from suspecting this, the operator should, as if by accident,
let a full egg fall on the table, the breaking of which induces a belief
that the others are also full.


THE INK AND FISH TRICK.

This is really a first-rate delusion. You bring before the spectators a
glass vase full of ink. You dip a ladle into it, and pour out some of
the ink upon a plate, in order to convince the audience that the
substance in the vase is really ink. You then throw a handkerchief over
the vase, and instantly withdraw it, when the vase is found to be filled
with pure water, in which a couple of gold-fish are swimming.

This apparent impossibility is performed as follows: To the interior of
the vessel is fitted a black silk lining, which adheres closely to the
sides when pressed by the water, and which is withdrawn inside the
handkerchief during the performance of the trick. The ladle has a hollow
handle, with an opening into the bowl; in the handle is a spoonful or so
of ink, which runs into the bowl when it is held downward during the act
of dipping it into the vase.




THE LAST ROWS OF SUMMER.


[Illustration: "Now, then, ladies and gentlemen, sit steady, trim the
boat, and away we go. _One!_ TWO!--]

[Illustration: "THREE!"]





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Harper's Young People, September 13,
1881, by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE ***

***** This file should be named 49178.txt or 49178.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/4/9/1/7/49178/

Produced by Annie R. McGuire

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

